DEV+INT: update INFO command and Prometheus v2 metrics for search (#1157)
redis/docs: content/integrate/prometheus-with-redis-enterprise/prometheus-metrics-definitions.md

| <span class="break-all">redis_server_total_net_output_bytes</span> | Number of bytes sent by the shard; calculate the throughput for a time period by comparing the value at different times |
| <span class="break-all">redis_server_up</span> | Shard is up and running |
| <span class="break-all">redis_server_used_memory</span> | Memory used by shard (in BigRedis this includes flash) (bytes) |

> | <span class="break-all">search_number_of_indexes</span> | total number of indexes in the shard |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <span class="break-all">search_number_of_indexes</span> | Total number of indexes in the shard |
```

| <span class="break-all">search_number_of_active_indexes</span> | The total number of indexes running a background indexing and/or background query processing operation. Background indexing refers to vector ingestion process, or in-progress background indexer. |
| <span class="break-all">search_number_of_active_indexes_running_queries</span> | Total count of indexes currently running a background query process. |

> | <span class="break-all">search_number_of_active_indexes_indexing</span> | Total count of indexes currently undergoing a background indexing process. Background indexing refers to vector ingestion process, or in-progress background indexer. This metric is Limited by the number of WORKER threads allocated for writing operations + the number of indexes. |
> | <span class="break-all">search_total_active_write_threads</span> | Total count of background write (indexing) processes currently running in the shard. Background indexing refers to vector ingestion process, or in-progress background indexer. This metric is Limited by the number of threads allocated for writing operations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <span class="break-all">search_number_of_active_indexes_indexing</span> | Total count of indexes currently undergoing a background indexing process. Background indexing refers to vector ingestion process, or in-progress background indexer. This metric is limited by the number of WORKER threads allocated for writing operations + the number of indexes. |
| <span class="break-all">search_total_active_write_threads</span> | Total count of background write (indexing) processes currently running in the shard. Background indexing refers to vector ingestion process, or in-progress background indexer. This metric is limited by the number of threads allocated for writing operations. |
```

| <span class="break-all">search_fields_text_Text</span> | The total number of `TEXT` fields across all indexes in the shard. |
| <span class="break-all">search_fields_text_Sortable</span> | The total number of `SORTABLE TEXT` fields across all indexes in the shard. This field appears only if its value is larger than 0. |
| <span class="break-all">search_fields_text_NoIndex</span> | The total number of `NOINDEX TEXT` fields across all indexes in the shard; i.e., used for sorting only but not indexed. This field appears only if its value is larger than 0. |
| <span class="break-all">search_fields_numeric_Numeric</span> | The total number of `NUMERIC` fields across all indexes in the shard. |
| <span class="break-all">search_fields_numeric_Sortable</span> | The total number of `SORTABLE NUMERIC` fields across all indexes in the shard. This field appears only if its value is larger than 0. |

> | <span class="break-all">search_fields_numeric_NoIndex</span> | The total number of `NOINDEX NUMERIC` fields across all indexes in the shard; i.e., used for sorting only but not indexed. This field appears only if its value is larger than 0. |

Reviewer: "i.e." is used in several places in this table too.
```suggestion
| <span class="break-all">search_fields_numeric_NoIndex</span> | The total number of `NOINDEX NUMERIC` fields across all indexes in the shard, which are used for sorting only but not indexed. This field appears only if its value is larger than 0. |
```
